Initial content caching policy (#1174)
3scale/APIcast: doc/parameters.md

By default Gateway does not enable it, and the keepalive timeout on nginx is set
to [75 seconds](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#keepalive_timeout)

> ### `APICAST_CACHE_STATUS_CODES`

Reviewer: I think we should clarify in these two envs that they're only used when the content caching policy is enabled.

**Default:** 200 302
**Value:** string

> When the response code from upstream match one of the status code defined in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the response code from upstream matches one of the status codes defined in
```

> this environment varible, the response content will be cached in Nginx for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this environment varible, the response content will be cached in NGINX for the
```

Headers cache time value, or the maximum time defined by
`APICAST_CACHE_MAX_TIME` env variable.

### `APICAST_CACHE_MAX_TIME`

**Default:** 1m
**Value:** string

> When the response is selected to be cached in the system, this variable decides

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the response is selected to be cached in the system, the value of this variable indicates
```

> the maximum time to be cached. If no header is set, the time to be cached will

Reviewer: What header?

be the defined one.

> The format for this value is defined by [`proxy_cache_valid` nginx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The format for this value is defined by the [`proxy_cache_valid` NGINX
```
